README.md, before:

# GraphCA

Martin Grund<sup>1*</sup>, Norman Forschack<sup>1,2</sup>, Till Nierhaus<sup>1,3</sup>, and Arno Villringer<sup>1,4</sup>

<sup>1</sup>Max Planck Institute for Human Cognitive and Brain Sciences, 04103 Leipzig, Germany\
<sup>2</sup>Experimental Psychology and Methods, Faculty of Life Sciences, University of Leipzig, 04109 Leipzig, Germany\
<sup>3</sup>Neurocomputation and Neuroimaging Unit, Department of Education and Psychology, Freie Universität Berlin, 14195 Berlin, Germany\
<sup>4</sup>MindBrainBody Institute, Berlin School of Mind and Brain, Humboldt-Universität zu Berlin, 10099 Berlin, Germany

<sup>*</sup> Corresponding author: mgrund@cbs.mpg.de

## Repository content

Code to run and analyze fMRI study of somatosensory detection task with electrical finger nerve stimulation

## Repository structure

- exp/ - code for experimental control
- exp/README.md -  describes subdirectory in detail and how to handle code
- analysis/ - code to preprocess and analyze behavioral and MRI data
- analysis/README.md -  describes subdirectory in detail and how to handle code
- analysis/behavior/nt_trials.txt - behavioral data

## MRI data

Please contact Martin Grund (mgrund@cbs.mpg.de) for participant's MRI data.

Commit message:

README.md: added link to preprint

README.md, after:

# GraphCA

Martin Grund<sup>1*</sup>, Norman Forschack<sup>1,2</sup>, Till Nierhaus<sup>1,3</sup>, and Arno Villringer<sup>1,4</sup>

<sup>1</sup>Max Planck Institute for Human Cognitive and Brain Sciences, 04103 Leipzig, Germany\
<sup>2</sup>Experimental Psychology and Methods, Faculty of Life Sciences, University of Leipzig, 04109 Leipzig, Germany\
<sup>3</sup>Neurocomputation and Neuroimaging Unit, Department of Education and Psychology, Freie Universität Berlin, 14195 Berlin, Germany\
<sup>4</sup>MindBrainBody Institute, Berlin School of Mind and Brain, Humboldt-Universität zu Berlin, 10099 Berlin, Germany

<sup>*</sup> Corresponding author: mgrund@cbs.mpg.de

## Preprint

Grund, M., Forschack, N., Nierhaus, T., & Villringer, A. (2020). Neural correlates of conscious tactile perception: An analysis of BOLD activation patterns and graph metrics. bioRxiv. https://doi.org/10.1101/2019.12.19.882365

## Repository content

Code to run and analyze fMRI study of somatosensory detection task with electrical finger nerve stimulation

## Repository structure

- exp/ - code for experimental control
- exp/README.md -  describes subdirectory in detail and how to handle code
- analysis/ - code to preprocess and analyze behavioral and MRI data
- analysis/README.md -  describes subdirectory in detail and how to handle code
- analysis/behavior/nt_trials.txt - behavioral data

## MRI data

Please contact Martin Grund (mgrund@cbs.mpg.de) for participant's MRI data.
